you've been to Paris I've never really
been anywhere people are alive they're
like here I'm going back the first
chance I get
Frank wheeler I think you're the most
interesting person I've ever met
what do you think I guess I kind of like
him
won't you miss the city nothing's
permanent right right look at us we're
just like everyone else we've bought
into the same ridiculous delusion this
idea that you have to settle down to
resign from life I want to feel things I
really feel them a man only gets a
couple of chances in life it won't be
long for he's sitting around wondering
how he got to be second-rate
[Music]
we can't go on pretending that this is
the life we wanted I support you donate
the work can I was a dated John stand
you don't have to but I have the
backbone not to run away from my
responsibilities who made these rules
anyway
you got me safely in this little trap
you think you could bully me into
feeling whatever you know a truck yeah
[Music]
I can make you happy here gonna be okay
I hope so
I really hope so
you